| Reviewer 1:

| The paper discusses the usage of SpagettiLens on a sample of 59 lens
| candidates from Space Worps. This tool allows non-professional
| volunteers to produce tentative mass models of gravitationally
| lensing galaxies with the help of a graphical web interface within
| the context of Citizen-Science Projects. This is an attempt to face
| the growing number of lens candidates. Apart from the method which
| has already been published, the paper discusses the labels used to
| describe the appearance of the lenses/images, makes use of stellar
| mass estimates as a diagnostic and presents a tentative estimate of
| the mass profile of the 59 candidates.  In the two appendixes the
| authors briefly mention some improvement in the synthetic data used
| to train the volunteers and the fact that they introduced more
| degrees of freedom in the mass modelling by increasing the number of
| pixels in the central region.

The remark above "synthetic data used to train the volunteers" is
puzzling, as the paper mentions no such thing.  The word "synthetic"
appears only for synthetic images, which are introduced (in the
Mass-Models section) as follows:

   Figure 3 shows what we call synthetic images, meaning
   reconstructions of the extended lensed features by fitting for a
   source. These were generated by a new method, explained in
   Appendix A1

Was the reviewer perhaps thinking of training sets in machine learning?


| - The authors claim that this approach would allow the analysis of a
| large number of lens candidates. This is a crucial point for this
| paper but no indication, even tentative, of the time required to
| obtain a sufficiently reliable model is given.

Added a paragraph and a plot about time.


| - The mass mapping method published in Küng et al. (2015) has been
| slightly modified by using more pixels in the central region. This
| change is not substantial and is of dubious utility as discussed in
| the next point.

The smaller pixels in the central region are indeed a detail
(hence discussed in an Appendix) but they are not "dubious",
see below.


| - My major concern is about the mass models. The lens configuration
| shown in the images allows to quantify the mass within the Einstein
| radius only. It is therefore impossible to derive a radial profile
| as shown in figure 5.  The constraints are just insufficient to
| obtain a radial profile. The images of the sample are well
| reproduced by the models but this is only because of the large
| number of degrees of freedom involved in the modelling and the
| little constraints which are available. This rises serious doubts
| about the reliability of the models and their possible usage.

This point is essentially the well-known steepness degeneracy or
mass-sheet degeneracy.  The objection applies if a single mass model
is presented and claimed to be the correct mass map.  But that is not
what we do.

We work with statistical ensembles of what the mass map could be.
As noted in the Mass-Models section:

    a statistical ensemble of two-dimensional mass maps is
    returned. This ensemble, along with derived quantities and
    uncertainties, makes up one SpaghettiLens model.

The degeneracy is not broken, but it becomes "nuanced".  As the
mass-profile figures show, the enclosed mass is best constrained at
the notional Einstein radius, becoming more uncertain at smaller and
larger radii.

The technique is not perfect, but has extensively tested in the cited
papers by Coles et al. (2014) and Küng et al. (2015), as well as the
Appendix of the present paper.

Nor is the method controversial --- the first author of the original
lens-degeneracy paper (Falco, Gorenstein & Shapiro, 1985) is also
co-author on work using the present technique (Bruderer, Read, Coles,
Leier, Falco, Ferreras & Saha 2016MNRAS.456..870B).


| - A stellar mass and a lensing mass estimate, assuming the
| candidates to be real lenses, without any relevant interpretation or
| relevant conclusion is not enough. No significant scientific results
| are presented.  For these reasons the results so far presented are
| not sufficient to justify a publication on MNRAS.

In fact, the main science result (Figure 6), although presented
cautiously -- correctly so, given the current uncertainties -- is
very exciting.

We see that galaxies whose total mass is comparable to the Milky Way's
_stellar_ mass are very inefficient at forming stars (SN feedback?)
Star-formation becomes more efficient for masses a few times that, and
then cuts off again (AGN feedback?).  To see the whole range in a
single sample is, all caveats notwithstanding, indeed exciting.

TODO: Expand interpretation of Figure 6.



